1. Selenium Core

	A javaSCript program created by "Jason Huggins"
	It was named as "JavaSCriptTestRunner" which works for a browser
	Works using the Single host/ Same Origin Policy - ex. same domain(i.e, google.com will not work for yahoo.com) 


2. Selenium Remote Control/Selenium 1
	To avoid same origin policy, proxy injection method is used
	Since it has a server in between the Browser(having Selenium Core) and the user it used to take a long time to
	run any javascript for any operation on the browser


3. Selenium 2
	Contains the Selenium 1 setup + WebDriver
	WebDriver have the capability to run any browser level commands from the OS itself which reduce lot of script execution time

4. Selenium 3
	Combination of:
		WebDriver
		Selenium IDE
		Selenium Grid
In this earlier we use to have the firefox driver by default but in this version we need to download the gekco driver to continue using firefox driver


IDE basically a prototyping tool works using selenese commands, so have certain drawbacks
In IDE we have various locator techniques such as : Link, xpath, name, etc which are used by IDE commands
We can export the test case in various languages or formats (java, testng, etc)
learning selenium scritps syntax
Actions are limited in a IDE/Plugin

Selenium RC
command > WebDriver > Browser
script > application under test

WebDriver uses: 
1. Cross Browser testing(IE, Chrome)
2. Supports different language scripting
3. Supports different OS
4. Easy Framework (support OOPS)
5. Parallel Testing (multiple browser at the same time)


Selenium Grid 
	Mainly used for parallel and distributive testing. execute different test scripts on different machines:
	1. Parallel execution (we use TestNG for this)
	2. Platform independent
	3. Language Independent
	4. Browser Independent
	5. Fast Execution
Parent sys(Hub) only config required.

Can everythin be automated?
There are below such cases where it is not feasible:
-Dynamic application
-Very Tight Deadline
-not every UI component is allowed to be automated


